Updating the verbage for cloud target removal, didn't like my first g… (#1849)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/cloud-target-discovery/index.md

When targets are created via Cloud Target Discovery, they are monitored by Octopus. When the cloud resources are removed, Octopus will detect unhealthy targets and remove them periodically.

:::hint

> Octopus will not remove unhealthy targets immediately. Once a target is found to be unhealthy, Octopus will perform a health check once a minute.  It will be removed if a target fails five health checks in a row.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octopus will not remove unhealthy targets immediately. Once a target is found to be unhealthy, Octopus will perform a health check once a minute.  Targets will be removed if they fail five health checks in a row.   
```

> Server will not remove unhealthy targets immediately. Once a target is found to be unhealthy, the server will perform a health check once a minute.  If a target fails five health checks in a row, it will be removed.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Octopus will not remove unhealthy targets immediately. Once a target is found to be unhealthy, Octopus will perform a health check once a minute.  It will be removed if a target fails five health checks in a row.   
```

Reviewer 2: :point_up: just a suggestion - also worth noting the doc updates are currently paused following the re-platform. @steve-fenton-octopus may be able to replicate the changes you are making to the new branch/layout?
